we make men shoes more here but we have
an other super bowl-like shoemakers in
teams actually also helping us on ladies
shoes we do have lady shoes now we do
have ladies make men shoes as well okay
not just yeah
or sometimes is this there's like ladies
they want to McMahon shoes we have a lot
of ladies want to they come and make men
shoes see your Styles because they
themselves would like to wear them
yeah okay be themselves would like to
wear now and so this is another case of
course we don't have men's coming to
make ladies shoes yet yeah but maybe for
their girlfriends but so that would be
an interesting market wouldn't it yeah
we can be solved so once you've
established what they're looking for
where do you begin the design process is
it with this what's behind us over here
this okay yeah when one shoe last two
men from the client we will have to
choose the right Shuler's for them like
in terms of fitting in terms of style in
terms of like how high they want the
heels to be okay so when we get the shoe
last we some time well most of the time
you cannot just work on the shoes right
away we have to modify the shoe lines
until that you lost them all actually
fit that could you show speech give us
an example of where we could um maybe
modify one okay sorry a wooden one okay
this is my thing over over 40 years old
few nos so you see a lot of amendment
has been put on top okay to either make
it pointy
more wider okay to give more room to the
to the back of the of the autofit I
suggesting that each time we use this
for a customer we will modify it yeah I
swing modify them okay
okay until it fits really applying so
this is like a young that's a letter I
cut in piece of never right I just pick
a piece of leather okay so they're all
about and sometimes we use some fabric
none of fabric is like a how to say is
well okay anyway can be leather can be
some material like those is a thicker
kind of paper so we put on top and then
modify the shape this a an incredible
amount of work that's just going into
just just to prepare to prepare the
modern preparation or the shoe last year